AtomicSimpleCPU
host_seconds                                     0.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5477                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ticks                                     2755000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.numCycles                             5511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated

TimingSimpleCPU
host_seconds                                     0.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5477                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ticks                                   356448000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.numCycles                           712896                       # number of cpu cycles simulated

MinorCPU
host_seconds                                     0.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5490                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ticks                                    31495500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5490                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.cpi                              11.473770                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.numCycles                            62991                       # number of cpu cycles simulated

DerivO3CPU
host_seconds                                     0.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5278                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ticks                                    18533000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               7.022925                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         7.022925                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          11124                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.numCycles                            37067                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
