host_seconds                                    80.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    19613764                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ticks                                 20282847500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 1312162                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            237756                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           1525179                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult        110246      0.55%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.committedInsts                    19613764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               2.068226                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         2.068226                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       22479791                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult             112259      0.57%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   69      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.numCycles                         40565696                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
